README.md, before:

## Hi there! I'm Synthird! 👋

- 🕛 I have been programming since mid 2020
- 🕹️ I got into programming when I started learning to make video games
  - 🎮 You can play the ones I published on [itch](https://synthird.itch.io)
- 🎨 I also create [art](https://cara.app/synthird)
- I never use "AI"
  - Except for making commit messages on the site (Because that is enforced)
- ⚡ Fun fact: You are reading this in the present!

<details>
  <summary>:octocat: Top languages in public non-forked repositories (Doesn't indicate proficiency)</summary> <br>

  ![Most used languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=synthird&theme=synthwave&langs_count=20&hide_border=true&disable_animations=true&custom_title=Top%20languages)
</details>

<!--
**Synthird/Synthird** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Told that I don't know how to turn off copilot suggesting commit messages

README.md, after:

## Hi there! I'm Synthird! 👋

- 🕛 I have been programming since mid 2020
- 🕹️ I got into programming when I started learning to make video games
  - 🎮 You can play the ones I published on [itch](https://synthird.itch.io)
- 🎨 I also create [art](https://cara.app/synthird)
- I never use "AI"
  - Except for making commit messages on the site (Because that is enforced and I don't know how to turn it off)
- ⚡ Fun fact: You are reading this in the present!

<details>
  <summary>:octocat: Top languages in public non-forked repositories (Doesn't indicate proficiency)</summary> <br>

  ![Most used languages](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=synthird&theme=synthwave&langs_count=20&hide_border=true&disable_animations=true&custom_title=Top%20languages)
</details>

<!--
**Synthird/Synthird** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
